Look at it this way,
Her voice is really strong, especially,
This mouth and nose,
It looks exactly the same, but...
My husband looks like you told you before,
In this photo, the nose is shown publicly,
Although there is a tacit understanding, it is still blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue.
You don't know,
It's that Prince Zhang, heavy blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue
My normal life will be fine
I ask you a question
I want to say that you are not married yet
Your husband is not here yet
The industry you write about
Of course I said my husband
I ask you to act like a normal person like me
good life
He's not the type of person I am at all.
That's what's wrong
I still prefer an ordinary life
and i think
I would say I am an ordinary person
With my husband every day
I'm quite a bully
I really believe now that you love performing
Help me work
You, this is me, Lian An
Even if they really take us
Starting a family is a big deal
Let three people come to play
You are also impossible mother
My mother has been doing well
Why are you talking suddenly?
Anyway, come to the right place.
Anyway, it’s not good to put it lightly.
I'm going to make an appointment
Please help me ask for advice